# Screening Questions
- What is this in one sentence?
- Are these high potential founders?
- Is this a real problem (important, frequent, painful, and underserved)?
- Is this solution fundamentally new or 10x better than existing options?
- Does this feel like science fiction?
- Does this make the world better?
- Is this a huge or quickly growing market?
- Could this be a $10B To whom it may concern,

Hi my name is Sebastion and I represent a blossoming medical device company which is a subsidiary of a reputable nano technology company based in Edmonton Alberta. We are a graphene company that holds IP in several different areas that sets us apart from other graphene companies. Due to Covid we decided to branch out into the medical device sector, I worked along ‘company x’ for several months at the very start of Covid before realizing I needed a greater understanding of every step of the process, taking an idea from molecule to market. Personally over the last three years I have worked closely with top level scientists and regulatory experts on numerous projects in a business development and client acquisition role. I was very fortunate to be invited to the JP Morgan biotech conference where I truly understood the breadth of ideas and solutions being proposed to stop COVID. I continued to work as a private contractor to several regulatory, biotechnology and medical device start up’s and established companies. My network grew and expanded exponentially as I dove into this new world being guided by some of the finest polymaths and specialists in the industry. ‘Company x’ Has created a device like no other I have come across which was intended to detect Covid using saliva to obtain results within under a minute with a 99% accuracy rate. Unfortunately time and resources were not kind to our new company but they have pivoted and now have a device that can quickly deviate to adapt to many viruses and bacterial pathogens. We hold several IPs and are in the process of finalizing many more which we are very proud of. This device can stop outbreaks and has the undeniable factors to be the pioneer in detecting and preventing future outbreaks of disease epidemics and pre-pandemic stoppage applications. We boast a team of some of the top level researchers on the planet including a group of virologist who won a Nobel prize just a few years ago. Our product is fully validated in independent clinical trials and has been replicated and repeated numerous times all with outstanding results. Mentally we are drained but proud of proving our devices purpose and expanding on that purpose to reach our goals. We are looking for $3 million and have options but we won’t except anything other than working capital from a proven company with a strong track record. I understand how competitive and difficult it is to break into the pharmaceutical industry this is why I am seeking the support of the top venture-capital companies with experience in biotechnology and pharmaceutical devices. Our next step is commercialization, manufacturing and distribution, for these three processes we have again gone after some of the best specialists in their field. Holding such undeniable innovation in the biosensor market we are poised for pre-commercialization and to take over the market share. In the world of multi brand companies there are many stars but very few of them become Cash Cow‘s. With the limitless potential of this device I can assure that the adaptability efficiency, ease-of-use, fast results and cheap manufacturing makes this star a guaranteed cash cow. It is a personal boundary I set for myself that I will not endorse or recommend a product that is not 1000% better than the next leading competitor. I look forward to hearing back from any of your elite team members to further discuss how we are going to make a global impact and change the biosensor industry not to mention the potential crossovers into several pharma, vitamin and supplement industries based upon this technology.
